This ABAP function module is named "Z_WORDS_STRING," and it takes an input string and splits it into multiple words using a delimiter. The function has two parameters: an importing parameter named "INPUT_STRING" of type STRING and an exporting parameter named "OUTPUT_TABLE" of type STRINGTAB.

Let's break down the code:

The function starts with a comment block that describes the local interface of the function. It specifies the parameters that the function accepts and returns.

IMPORTING VALUE(INPUT_STRING) TYPE STRING: This is an importing parameter that indicates the function is expecting a value to be passed from the calling program. The parameter is named "INPUT_STRING" and has the data type STRING. The VALUE keyword indicates that the function will treat this parameter as read-only, meaning it cannot modify the original value passed by the caller.

EXPORTING VALUE(OUTPUT_TABLE) TYPE STRINGTAB: This is an exporting parameter, which means the function will return a value to the calling program. The parameter is named "OUTPUT_TABLE," and it has the data type STRINGTAB. The VALUE keyword here signifies that the function will provide this parameter as read-only, and it cannot modify the value outside the function.

SPLIT input_string AT ',' INTO TABLE output_table.: This is the core of the function. The SPLIT statement is used to break the input_string into individual words using the delimiter ',' (comma) and stores the result into the output_table. The output_table is of type STRINGTAB, which is a table data type that can hold multiple strings.

For example, if you call this function with the input_string = 'apple,banana,orange', the output_table will be filled with three entries: 'apple', 'banana', and 'orange', as each word separated by a comma is split and stored as a separate entry in the output_table.

After the SPLIT statement, the function ends with the "ENDFUNCTION" statement.

In summary, this ABAP function takes a comma-separated string as input, splits it into individual words, and stores the words in an internal table named output_table, which can then be used by the calling program.
